This is the 1th article 

Apple Inc. (AAPL) made several important announcements at an event on Sept. 7, 2022, called "Far Out" by the company. These included a new iPhone 14 series, new AirPods Pro, and three new versions of the Apple Watch.
1
Apple's stock was trading at around $156 as the event ended on the afternoon of Sept. 7, 2022, up by roughly $1.25, or about 0.8%, on the day, suggesting that there were few surprises in the announcements. Year to date, Apple shares were down by about 14%.
KEY TAKEAWAYS
Apple (AAPL) announced, on Sept. 7, 2022, a new iPhone 14 series, a new version of AirPods Pro, and three new versions of the Apple Watch.
All come with various new features and promise enhanced performance.
Prices for iPhone 14 models are unchanged from those for the equivalent iPhone 13 models.
The reaction of the markets was muted, suggesting that there were few, if any, surprises in the announcements.
Apple's 'Far Out' Announcements
Below are summaries of the key announcements made by Apple at its "Far Out" event on Sept. 7, 2022.
Apple Watch Series 8 adds a temperature sensor, which can connect to ovulation cycle tracking for women. It also has a crash detection feature that can detect if you are in a severe car crash, automatically connect to emergency services, and notify emergency contacts. Additionally, the new version of the smartwatch has international roaming and a low-power mode that effectively doubles battery life to 36 hours. Prices start at $399 for the GPS version and $499 for the cellular version. It comes with three free months of Apple Fitness Plus, can be ordered today, and will be in stores on Sept. 16.
2
1
The new Apple Watch SE has workout and activity tracking, heart rate notifications, fall detection, and emergency SOS. It has the same motion sensor for crash detection support. Its display is 30% larger than Apple Watch 3, and it is 20% faster than the original SE. The cost is $249 for GPS and $299 for cellular. It be ordered today and will be in stores on Sept. 16.
2
1
Apple Watch Ultra has a battery life of 36 hours that can be extended to 60 hours with a low-power setting that will be available in the fall. It has a more durable titanium case and a big, bright display that is easier to read in sunlight. An action button is customizable for quick control over a range of functions. The digital crown and side button are remodeled for use with gloves, and it has a second speaker for louder sound. The Apple Watch Ultra has a night mode for use in the dark, improved compass and GPS readings, increased water resistance, plus increased ability to function in extreme temperatures, among other features. The cost is $799, and it can be ordered today, with availability in stores on Sept. 23.
1
3
AirPods Pro (2nd generation) have a new H2 chip and a new low-distortion audio driver. The camera on the user's iPhone can be used to create personalized spatial audio calibrated to the size of the user's head. They offer double the amount of noise cancellation over the original AirPods Pro. Different ear tip sizes are designed to allow more people to wear the AirPods Pro 2 comfortably. They also are designed to reduce sound of harsh and high-decibel environmental noises. Volume can be adjusted with a swipe, and listening time is expanded by 33% to six hours. With a charging case, listening time can extend to 30 hours. The new generation of AirPods Pro cost $249, pre-orders start on Sept. 9, and they will be in stores on Sept. 23.
4
1

iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus are built with the A15 Bionic chip, like the iPhone 13. But the five-core GPU is 18% faster. The iPhone 14 Plus is a 6.7-inch version of the 6.1-inch iPhone 14. They have a 12MP main camera with a faster aperture, larger sensor, and bigger pixels. The front camera is improved with autofocus and a wider aperture to let in more light, promising faster focus, even in low light. For video, they promise better stabilization. They will offer the crash detection feature that is on the Apple Watch 8, but also with an emergency SOS via satellite feature that will activate when cellular connections are lost. The iPhone 14 is priced at $799, the same as the iPhone 13. The iPhone 14 Plus will cost $899. Preordering begins for both on Sept. 9, with the iPhone 14 coming to stores on Sept. 16 and the iPhone 14 Plus on Oct. 7.
5
1
  iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max come in display sizes of 6.1 inches and 6.7 inches, respectively. Their peak outdoor brightness is 2,000 nits, and they have an always-on display feature. They also can dim the display, including wallpaper photos, to keep it visible without draining the battery. The A16 Bionic chip in these models is touted by Apple as the fastest chip on the market. The CPU is faster while using 20% less power than the A15, while the GPU has 50% more memory bandwidth. The cameras are supposed to deliver significant improvements in low-light settings. The iPhone 14 Pro prices are unchanged from those for the iPhone 13, at $999 for the Pro and $1,099 for the Pro Max. Preorders begin Sept. 9, and the phones hit stores on Sept. 16.
6
1


This is the 2th article 

Apple Inc.'s (AAPL) on-again-off-again development of a huge data center in Ireland, a project that began in 2015 and was scrapped in 2018, is set to be on again … sort of.  
A bit of history: Apple first announced the $1.9 billion plan in early 2015. It was set to be one of the largest data centers in the world, three times bigger than Apple's North Carolina facility. Court challenges followed, although Apple prevailed on many. But in 2019, the tech giant put the land up for sale, all but abandoning the project. 
However, things took a turn in July 2021. Apple discreetly filed an extension on its planning permission. Unsurprisingly, more legal challenges followed covering several issues. Currently, the case is pending and set to be examined again in October.
KEY TAKEAWAYS
Apple's Irish data center optically has a high price tag.
However, with Apple's growth, it's easy to see the positives.
A long-term bullish narrative is still there for Apple stock.
Now why would Apple go through all this trouble and expense to build a data center in Ireland? The tech giant is interested in growing its Services business abroad, which includes software, digital content, iTunes, licensing, Apple Pay, and AppleCare.
Investors surely appreciate the growth-oriented strategy. Still, they may worry about the data center's price tag. However, $2 billion is a drop in the bucket to enable strong platform growth abroad, especially for a firm flush with almost $62 billion in cash on hand.
1
In the third quarter of this fiscal year, Apple Services revenue was $17.49 billion (21.47% of total revenue). This line of business trails only the iPhone as the company's largest moneymaker. Additionally, nearly two-thirds of Apple's revenue comes from non-U.S. markets.
2
But the company clearly believes that there's room to grow or else it wouldn't bother with the Irish data center situation.
And why doubt that? Apple's Services revenue has seen consistent growth over the past few years. In fact, Services have brought in $10 billion or more each quarter since 2018.
2
That means good things for the stock.
Of course, Big Money knows all about Apple's growth and its future prospects. The Big Money has been buying up Apple stock for years, fueling a nearly 441% rise since 2017.
I follow Big Money activity and trends for a living. Institutional investors gravitate to quality time and time again. And when it comes to Apple, Big Money is a repeat customer. To see what I mean, look at the chart below. Each of those points on the chart were when my MAPsignals process ranked Apple shares with Big Money buying alongside stellar fundamentals for the company.
TradingView.com
So, despite a seemingly big price tag and ongoing legal hurdles, Apple still believes in growing its Services business abroad. Big Money sees this strategy as a strong long-term growth engine. Given the overall track record, I see little reason to doubt the thesis.
The Bottom Line
Apple is experiencing some bad luck in Ireland with its planned $2 billion data center, but global growth is still a priority. The project's price tag and legal issues pale in comparison to the possibility of further worldwide expansion. From my view, the long-term positive narrative for Apple investors is still intact.

Disclosure: The author holds no position in AAPL at the time of publication.


This is the 3th article 

Facebook, Inc. (FB) and Apple Inc. (AAPL) have criticized each other for years on a range of issues, including privacy and consumer rights. Fueled by intensifying competition and the crisis of misinformation, this recent chapter is the most heated dispute yet, expanding the standoff between the tech giants to include a broader set of issues.
Why is this spat happening now? Apple's looming change in privacy policy is expected to have a negative impact on revenues of Facebook and other advertisers. Facebook is also increasingly on the offensive, seeing Apple as a competitor when it comes to its areas of growth, including messaging as well as its computing platform.
"In terms of the competition with Apple specifically, I laid out three or four product focus areas," Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said during the company's most recent earnings call on Jan. 27, projecting a "very significant competitive overlap with Apple" going forward.
The outcome of this dispute will likely be a win for consumers as well as have far-reaching consequences for the future regulatory framework and the landscape of the tech sector as a whole.
How It Started
Going back to at least 2010, Apple CEO Tim Cook strived to differentiate the way Apple views privacy from the views embraced by other companies. More recently, Cook criticized Facebook's handling of the Cambridge Analytica scandal in 2018, in which the data analytics company was able to obtain personal information of millions of Facebook users, according to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). The FTC imposed a record $5 billion penalty on Facebook in 2019.
"The truth is, we could make a ton of money if we monetized our customer – if our customer was our product," Cook said at the time. "We've elected not to do that."
In the recent weeks since the incitement of violence and insurrection on Capitol Hill, Cook's criticism has sharpened further. "At a moment of rampant disinformation and conspiracy theories juiced by algorithms, we can no longer turn a blind eye to a theory of technology that says all engagement is good engagement – the longer the better – and all with the goal of collecting as much data as possible," Cook said last Thursday at the Computers, Privacy and Data Protection Conference. "It is long past time to stop pretending that this approach doesn't come with a cost – of polarization, of lost trust and, yes, of violence."
Facebook's response has been the plan to unveil its own in-app prompts to educate users about the handling of their data as well as speak out against Apple's market position and impact on small businesses. "In messaging, certainly, iMessage is the most popular service in the U.S.," Zuckerberg said on the earnings call. "I think because of the fact that they pre-install it and give their app several advantages that other apps don't have. In commerce and supporting small businesses, I think there, you have some of the iOS 14 changes that we think are going to be very problematic, especially for small businesses."
In fact, Facebook may go even further and file an antitrust lawsuit against Apple, accusing it of abusing "its power in the smartphone market by forcing app developers to abide by App Store rules that Apple's own apps don't have to follow," according to a report by The Information.
Existential Battle

For Facebook, the standoff represents an existential fight for its main source of revenue and continued growth. The social media company could lose billions as a result of Apple's privacy change, preparing investors and analysts for this impact.
"We also expect to face more significant ad targeting headwinds in 2021. This includes the impact of platform changes, notably iOS14, as well as the evolving regulatory landscape," Facebook CFO David Wehner said on the earnings call. "While the timing of the iOS14 changes remains uncertain, we would expect to see an impact beginning late in the first quarter."
While previous regulatory penalties have addressed specific violations, many areas of Facebook's operations such as groups and privacy settings remain out of lawmakers' reach. Consumers are likely to be immediate beneficiaries of the standoff, with most consumers currently not aware of the tracking. The vast majority of Facebook users, 74% of them, did not know Facebook was tracking their interests until asked about it, according to Pew research. Apple's new policy would prompt more users to opt in, and Facebook's own policy will also inform more consumers about their rights.
While the disagreements between Facebook and Apple have been the most publicly pronounced, these underlying arguments about the morality of consumer rights and their business models are not limited to these two technology companies. With misinformation becoming a bigger social threat and looming regulatory pressure threatening the tech companies' revenues, the tension between Facebook, Apple, and other technology giants is unlikely to dissipate on its own. If anything, it's likely to grow and spill over into other areas such as messaging, immersive computing, and monitoring of social groups and communities to prevent the spread of disinformation and extremism.


This is the 4th article 

Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers (PCs), and portable digital music players. The company's products and services include the iPhone, iPad, iPod, and Apple Watch.
All of Apple's segments produced higher sales and operating income in 2018. The company manages its business by geographic area. Below, we'll take a look at its five reportable segments, with each contributing different rates of profitability.
KEY TAKEAWAYS
Apple is a global tech company with a strong brand and innovative products.
While Apple does not report individual performance of its product lines, it does segment regional business units.
The Americas lead Apple's revenues, followed increasingly by China. Japan and Europe have trended downward for Apple sales.
The Americas Region Is the Largest Contributor
Apple's Americas region is composed of North and South America. In fiscal 2018, which ended September 26, 2018, the segment produced an operating profit of $31.2 billion. This represented 37.2% of the company's total segment operating profit, which excludes corporate-level expenses such as research and development (R&D) and share-based compensation.
The unit was the highest generator of sales, which were $93.9 billion in 2018. This produced one of the lowest operating margins among the segments at 33.2%. In 2018, the Americas had an operating profit of $26.2 billion, contributing 42% to Apple's total profit. The margin was lower, at 32.7%, based on sales of $80.1 billion.
Greater China Is Growing
The Greater China segment includes China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. It is the second-largest contributor to Apple's profits, but it is growing rapidly and becoming increasingly important. In 2018, the business had an operating profit of $23 billion, which was 27.4% of the company's total operating profit. Its 39.2% operating margin makes it one of the highest among Apple's segments. Its net sales were $58.8 billion, the second-largest total.
Results improved sharply over 2017, with sales and operating profit growing 84.3 and 108.4%, respectively. In the year-ago period, the Greater China segment had sales of $31.9 billion and operating profits of $11 billion. This was 17.7% of 2017's total operating profit. The margin was 34.7%.
Europe Decreasing in Importance
Although the European segment's sales and operating profit are growing, they are not increasing at the same rate as those of Greater China. In 2018, the unit, which includes European countries and India, the Middle East, and Africa, had $16.5 billion in profits, which was 19.7% of Apple's total operating profit.
Europe's sales were $50.3 billion. The business generated a margin of 32.8%, making it Apple's lowest. Europe had an operating profit of $14.4 billion on sales of $44.3 billion in 2017. This represented 23.2% of Apple's total profits. The segment's margin was 32.6%.
Japan Trails Behind
The Japanese segment is the fourth-largest generator of Apple's profits. The business produced an operating profit of $7.6 billion, or 9.1% of 2018's total. It is the highest margin business, which was 48.5%. In 2017, Japan's sales were $15.3 billion and its operating profit was $6.9 billion, which was 11.1% of that year's total. The region's margin was 45.1%.
Rest of Asia Pacific
This business includes Australia and other Asian countries not included in the company’s other operating segments. The unit's sales were $15.1 billion, producing an operating profit of $5.5 billion. The geographical area was responsible for 6.6% of Apple's 2018 operating profit. Its margin was 36.6%.
In the year-earlier period, operating profit was $3.7 billion, or 5.9% of Apple's total. In 2017, its margin was much lower, at 32.7%, on sales of $11.2 billion.
Other Factors
Apple does not break down its profits by individual business unit or product line, though it does disclose sales in this manner. During the fourth quarter of 2018, global iPhone sales hit 64.5 million units, earning Apple 15.8% market share during the period. That was down from 73.2 million unit sales and 17.9% market share during the fourth quarter of 2017.
Analysts’ consensus estimates are calling for revenue of $61.48 billion, up 16.9% year-over-year and near the high end of Apple’s forecast; earnings per share are being pegged at $2.78, rising 34.3% compared to the prior-year quarter.
In the year-ago quarter (Q4 2017), Apple earned $52.58 billion in revenue. During that quarter Apple sold 46.7 million iPhones, 10.3 million iPads, and 5.4 million Macs. Services include revenue from the iTunes Store, the App Store, and Apple Pay, among others. Other products are composed of sales of the Apple TV and Apple Watch, as well as iPod and Apple-branded accessories.


This is the 5th article 

Investors and market analysts often seek different perspectives for market analyses of companies to gain a better picture of companies' positions and strengths within their particular industries. One tool for fundamental analysis that goes beyond just examining financial metrics such as the price-to-book ratio (P/B) is Michael Porter's Five Forces Model.
KEY TAKEAWAYS
Apple, Inc. has grown to become one of the world's most valuable companies and respected brands.
Porter's Five Forces Model can be applied to Apple to understand its position within its industry and how it compares to the competition.
This type of analysis reveals that Apple is still in a strong market position, but faces several threats to its dominance.
Practice trading with virtual money
Find out what a hypothetical investment would be worth today.
SELECT A STOCK
TSLA
TESLA INC
AAPL
APPLE INC
NKE
NIKE INC
AMZN
AMAZON.COM, INC
WMT
WALMART INC
SELECT INVESTMENT AMOUNT
$
SELECT A PURCHASE DATE
  2 years ago
5 years ago
10 years ago
CALCULATE
The Porter 5 Forces Model
Michael Porter developed the Five Forces method of analysis in 1979.
1
The Five Forces model aims to examine five key forces of competition within a given industry. The main force examined by Porter's model is the level of competition within an industry. A person could even argue that Porter's model is essentially an analysis of the competitiveness or non-competitiveness of an industry.
The other four forces considered in Porter's model all impact the level of competition. They include the threat of new entrants to the marketplace, the threat of consumers opting for substitute products, the bargaining power of suppliers within the industry, and the bargaining power of buyers or consumers within the industry's marketplace.
Industry competition and the bargaining power of buyers are the most substantial marketplace factors that impact Apple in terms of profitability.
Apple in the Marketplace From a 5 Forces Perspective
Through its Macintosh computers and operating system, the iPad, iPhone, and other products, Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has achieved massive success as a company despite going through a number of up and down cycles since its founding in 1976.
2
In 2018, Apple achieved the notable distinction of being the first U.S. company to ever attain a market capitalization greater than $1 trillion.
3
Apple's success is attributed largely to its ability to innovate and bring unique products to market that have engendered substantial brand loyalty.
4
Its product development and marketing strategies reveal an awareness of the need to deal with the major marketplace forces that can impact Apple's market share and profitability.
A Five Forces analysis of Apple's position in the technology sector shows industry competition and the bargaining power of buyers as the two strongest marketplace forces that can impact Apple's profitability. The bargaining power of suppliers, the threat of buyers opting for substitute products, and the threat of new entrants to the marketplace are all weaker elements among the key industry forces.
Apple's dominance in the industry has been largely unchallenged, but a strong challenger could come in the future and the company must continue innovating and building brand loyalty so as to keep any potential competitor at bay.
Industry Competition
The level of competition among the major companies that compete directly with Apple in the technology sector is high.
5
Apple is in direct competition with companies such as Google, Inc., the Hewlett-Packard Company, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., and Amazon, Inc.
6
All of these companies expend significant capital on research and development (R&D) and marketing, just like Apple. Thus, the competitive force within the industry is strong.
One thing that makes the industry so highly competitive is the relatively low switching cost. It does not require a substantial investment for a consumer to ditch Apple's iPad for an Amazon Kindle or other tablet computers. The threat of marketplace competition is a key consideration for Apple, which it has dealt with primarily through continually developing new and unique products to increase and strengthen its market share position.
Bargaining Power of Buyers
The element of low switching cost referred to above strengthens the bargaining power of buyers as a key force for Apple to consider. There are essentially two points of further analysis within this force: the individual bargaining power of buyers and their collective bargaining power. For Apple, individual bargaining power is a weak force, since the loss of any one customer represents a negligible amount of revenue for Apple.
However, the collective marketplace bargaining power of customers, the possibility of mass customer defections to a competitor is a strong force.
Apple counters this strong force by continuing to make substantial capital expenditures in R&D, enabling it to keep developing new and unique products such as the Airpods and the Apple Watch, and by building significant brand loyalty. Apple has been very successful in this area of competition, establishing a large customer base that, basically, would not consider abandoning its iPhones in favor of another smartphone competitor.
The Threat of New Entrants to the Marketplace
The threat of a new entrant to the marketplace that could seriously threaten Apple's market share is relatively low. This is primarily due to two factors: the extremely high cost of establishing a company within the industry and the additional high cost of establishing brand name recognition.
Any new entrant to the marketplace of personal computing or smartphones needs to have a massive amount of capital just to spend on R&D and manufacturing to develop and produce its own product portfolio prior to ever bringing its products to market and beginning to generate revenue. Such an entrant faces the already identified strong competition within the industry that exists between Apple and its major competitors, all of which are large, well-established firms.
The secondary challenge is establishing brand name recognition within an industry that already has several companies, such as Apple, Google, and Amazon, with very strong brand recognition.
Although it is possible some new company (perhaps a Chinese firm with financial backing from the government), might eventually challenge Apple's position within the industry, for the immediate future, the likelihood of such a challenger arising is remote.
Nonetheless, it is important for Apple to continue strengthening its competitive position through new product development and building brand loyalty to place any potential new entrants to the industry at a larger competitive disadvantage.
Bargaining Power of Suppliers
The bargaining power of suppliers is a relatively weak force in the marketplace for Apple's products. The bargaining position of suppliers is weakened by the high number of potential suppliers for Apple and the ample amount of supply. Apple is free to choose from among a large number of potential suppliers for component parts for its products. The industries of its parts suppliers, such as the manufacturers of computer processors, are themselves highly competitive.
The switching cost for Apple to exchange one supplier for another is relatively low and not a significant obstacle. Plus, Apple is a major customer for most of its parts suppliers, and, therefore, its suppliers are very reluctant to risk losing the company's business. This strengthens Apple's position in negotiating with suppliers, while conversely weakening their positions. The bargaining power of component parts suppliers is not a major consideration for either Apple or its major competitors.
The Threat of Buyers Opting for Substitute Products
Substitute products, within the framework of Porter's Five Forces Model, are not products that directly compete with a company's products but possible substitutes for them. In the case of Apple, an example of a substitute product is a landline telephone that might be a substitute for owning an iPhone.
This market force is relatively low for Apple due to the fact that most potential substitute products have limited capabilities compared to Apple's products, as in the example of a landline telephone compared to an iPhone that has the capability to do much more than just make telephone calls.


